I thought we were going home, but everyone wanted to go to another gathering.
I told them I had a service plans in the next morning.
I was hoping to get this new Bible study going, and I needed some time to prepare.
It didn't go over so well.
They started pressuring me, saying, well, what if he's not there?
Yeah, why go through all that work for nothing?
It kept getting worse.
Just skip it, they said.
Come on Tyler, don't make us drive you all the way home first.
Just come.
Everyone was against me.
I didn't know what to do.
But then I remembered a family worship.
We studied about Caleb.
What gave him the courage to be different?
Jehovah is with us, he said.
That helped me to remember that Jehovah is with me too.
I told them that the gathering sounded really fun, but if it meant missing my Bible study,
it wasn't worth it.
I told them I would find my own right home.
Everything was going fine until Mr. Craig started talking about evolution.
He said, the wide variations of living things on earth are the results of the evolutionary
process.
All living creatures, including us, descended from a common ancestor.
Most of the class agreed with him, but the other witnesses chose to stay quiet.
I wanted to speak up like Tyler did, but I was scared too.
But then I remembered my Bible study.
Last week we studied about Jail.
She probably felt scared too when facing the terrifying Cicero, but she used a tool she
had to come to the assistance of Jehovah, and he blessed her for it.
It made me think about what tools do I have.
I think there are good reasons to believe that God designed all living things.
My phone contains a lot of information.
My contacts, notes, emails, pictures, but it didn't come that way.
I put it there.
That's just a phone.
What about the information for this plant?
Where did it come from?
I'm really glad I took a stand, and it even led to a good witness.
Recently after school, I saw Tamiko give a good witness.
She even started a Bible study, but not everyone was a fan, especially these kids.
They saw me out preaching last week.
They started saying things like, no one wants to read your garbage.
Why do you always push your ideas on people?
Do your parents force you?
At that point, I would have given almost anything for them to leave me alone.
But last week, we studied about the prophet Micaiah at family worship.
He could have easily lied to the king, but instead he spoke the truth, and he made Jehovah's
heart proud.
I wanted to make Jehovah's heart proud too.
Then I told them, you want the truth?
No one forces me to preach.
I do because I want to.
Jehovah's Witnesses love people, and we want to share with them good news from the Bible.
One of them said I gave the wrong answer, but I didn't think so.
Kevin and I were having a great morning.
We met a lot of nice people, but then we saw those same kids from school.
Kevin said that we should just leave, and that we didn't need any trouble.
At that point, I could feel my palms starting to sweat, but I knew I'd have to face them
again.
Then I thought about Jeremiah.
I recently did some personal study on him.
And when threatened, he bravely told his opposers, I am in your hand.
He stayed the course.
I want to stay the course.
They said, we told you to stop forcing your stupid ideas on people.
But I told them I wasn't going anywhere.
Then he just laughed and said I wasn't worth it.
My boss called me into his office, and he offered me a promotion to a full-time position,
which would mean a lot more money.
I was in a meeting at work, and they told me how much they appreciate me and my good work
ethic.
And then suddenly, they offered me this full scholarship to start pursuing a career.
My uncle told me he'd back me financially if I ever wanted to stop working for him and
start my own construction business.
A few weeks later, a brother was giving a talk at a circuit assembly.
He read Mark 1021, where Jesus told the rich young ruler.
One thing is missing about you.
Go, tell what things you have and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven
and come be my follower.
Then he made the point.
Instead of grabbing on to a rich spiritual opportunity, that young ruler just let it slide
by.
And he asked us, is one thing missing from your life?
He was right, something was missing.
I'm baptized, but am I really giving Jehovah my all?
Could I do it?
Could I do more?
I was determined not to let a spiritual opportunity like full-time service pass me by.
You need courage not only when things are bad, but you also need it to pursue a life
of self-sacrifice.
But when you do, you'll have no regrets, because nothing will ever be missing from your
life.